Brother Beichen
Is my sister talking about me?
I know my sister doesn't like me
But you can't say that about Brother Beichen either
This has nothing to do with you
Lin Jingyun, you'd better explain it to me clearly
What's there to explain?
Can you think what you want?
That gang leader, I hope you can tell me
What is the relationship between you?
Mr. Gu, do I need to explain to you?
You can't control your own wife
You still ask me
Dialect the whole boutique car
Like Mr. Cool
I'm afraid there will be no second one
You have found such a virtuous wife
You still have to find it again
A lowly actor
Make trouble with the whole Gu chicken flock
I don't understand, shut up for me.
What's the matter? It hurts you.
Old Capital Jun
Oh, right.
The position of your lonely army
I would have fired you long ago
I go home
How to use the wall?
Gang Master Li, I will take my wife home
Do you want to take care of it too?
I'm not going back
Pardon me?
I said I won't go back, don't you dare